The Graphical user interface(GUI) is used by the most commercially popular computer operating systems and software programs today. It's the kind of interface that allows users to manipulate elements on the screen using a mouse, a stylus, or even a finger.

Widgets are the basic building blocks for graphical user interface (GUI) applications. Each GUI component (e.g. buttons, labels) is a widget that is placed somewhere within a user interface window or is displayed as an independent window. 

Tkinter also offers access to the geometric configuration of the widgets which can organize the widgets in the parent windows. There are mainly three geometry manager classes.
	1-pack() method: It organizes the widgets in blocks before placing in the parent widget.
	2-grid() method: It organizes the widgets in the grid (table-like structure) before placing in the parent widget.
	3-place() method: It organizes the widgets by placing them on specific positions directed by the programmer.
In Python, almost each widget object has several attributes. Here, we’ll talk about standard widget attributes, including cursors, reliefs, colors, and fonts.
Tkinter Widget state: The state of the widget is defined by state attributes. NORMAL, ACTIVE, and DISABLED are the values of the attributes.

Tkinter Widget padding: padx and pady –these two attributes come under this which, respectively, add extra horizontal and vertical space to the widget. The padx and pady attributes add space between the buttons.
Tkinter Background colors: The background colors of widgets can be set with background attribute. It can be abbreviated to bg.
	1-Width &Height: The width and height attributes set the width and height of the widget.
	2-Tkinter Fonts: For working with fonts it has a font module. It has some built-in fonts such as TkTooltipFont, TkDefaultFont.
	3-Tkinter Cursors: The cursor in Tkinter is set with the cursor
	4-Tkinter Reliefs: A relief is a border decoration. The possible values are SUNKEN, RAISED, GROOVE, RIDGE, and FLAT.